**User Stories for Cloud back-end processing script /program**

**NOTE: I&#39;m skipping callback the KEY feature of Javascript for now…v 0.0.1**

**Note: The database design for the cloud server is similar to ETM ** 



# User stories:

**Initial** : The cloud database is not populated **i.e. empty**.

**NOTE** :

i. You don&#39;t know whether gps or ticket info will be sent first so have update for both (?)

ii. NEW Route No =&gt; New collection

OLD / Existing Route No =&gt; Update existing ..



**Web service** = Right Methods + putting it on the web

1. The first ETM is activated. 10 seconds after activation, it sends its GPS co-ordinates to the server via HTTP post. (The server side must have a method to handle this). The server http gets the data sent by the client in the req(?) object &lt; **Route No, Latitude, Longitude** &gt; and stores it in the mongo database under the corresponding collection, corresponding to the route number.

2. A second ETM is activated. 10 seconds after activation, it sends its GPS co-ordinates to the server via HTTP post. The server http gets the data sent by the client in the req (?) object &lt; **Route No, Latitude, Longitude** &gt; and stores it in the mongo database under a different collection. (routeNo is unique for each bus) corresponding to the route number.

3.  The conductor on the first ETM issues a ticket for a passenger. The ticket information &lt; **Route No, Current Stop, Destination Stop** &gt; is sent via HTTP Post to the server. The sending does not conflict with the loop sending gps info every 10 seconds.

4.  The conductor on the first ETM issues a ticket for a passenger. The ticket information &lt; **Route No, Current Stop, Destination Stop** &gt; is sent via HTTP Post to the server. The sending DOES conflict with the loop sending gps info every 10 seconds. Let the gps data go first &amp; send next (?)

5. The conductor on second / **new ETM** sends his ticket info. A new collection is created on mongodb for his ticket.

6. The first ETM (existing) sends another ticket information to the web server. Since a ticket with that route no is already available – the server merely updates the existing ticket, If its a new route no, the server creates a new collection (ticket) for it.

7. The Track My Bus android app client sends a request with a Bus Route No using HTTP Post &lt;Route No&gt;. The server gets the data in its req object. The data is used to &quot;query&quot; the mongodb and return the ticket info for that bus as an array ticketlist[] = db.collection.find.Array(); A length variable is used to calculate the number of tickets as var len = ticketlist.length; The latitude and longitude of the bus is also &quot;queried&quot;. And the gps co-ordinates are sent back to the android app where they are plotted on google maps.

8. Every time the conductor presses the UP/DOWN button the current Stop Information is updated using HTTP post on the server. The server gets it by getting it using req object. In response to this a method is called that deletes the &quot;dead&quot; tickets which have destinationStop matching. Thus, live ticket list count is maintained.


