# Use Cases

# Use Cases

OCS - On-board computing Subsystem

Read gsm/gprs as long -range communication mechanism with server.

1) Conductor issues ticket for passenger i.e. The conductor presses OK button, <Current Stop, Destination Stop, Bus Route ID> is sent short- range wirelessly to the OCS (on-board computer). The OCS receives the Ticket Data. It checks the long range wireless module is free or not. The long range wireless module is free and available. The OCS forwards the data to the cloud server via. GSM/GPRS. (long-range wireless communication) over the internet. 

2) Conductor issues ticket for passenger i.e. The conductor presses OK button, <Current Stop, Destination Stop, Bus Route ID> is sent short- range wirelessly to the OCS (on-board computer). The OCS receives the Ticket Data. It checks the long range wireless module is free or not. The long range wireless module is NOT free. The received data is stored in temporary memory and polls the GSM/GPRS device to check that its free. When its free, the OCS forwards the data to the cloud server via. GSM/GPRS. (long-range wireless communication) over the internet using Cloud API Ticket Send method.

3) For every 10 seconds,
The OCS receives the GPS information from the satellites. There are 3-4 satellites available from the current location which enables our GPS receiver to get a fix on the location with an acccuracy of within 15 meters. The information received from the gps receiver is forwarded to the microcontroller. The Microcontroller checks whether the GSM/GPRS module is free and available. The module is free. The microcontroller transmits the GPS info to the server using Cloud API GPS Send method.

4) For every 10 seconds,
The OCS receives the GPS information from the satellites. There are 3-4 satellites available from the current location which enables our GPS receiver to get a fix on the location with an acccuracy of within 15 meters. The information received from the gps receiver is forwarded to the microcontroller. The Microcontroller checks whether the GSM/GPRS module is free and available. The module is NOT free. The gps data is stored in temporary memory and polls the GSM/GPRS till its free. When its free, the micro-controller sends gps info to the GSM/GPRS module transmits the GPS info to the server using Cloud API GPS Send method.


Decisions:

Short range for my application

Long range for my application

Temporary memory

Synchronization between the 3 modules.
